This is a checklist of things that need to be done. Feel free to add or remove things from it as you see fit.
-----

GENERAL TIPS:
Never scale a background without checking it's RGB color first. Indexed color backgrounds needs to be converted or they become jagged when scaling.

To fade, for example, a blushing character, do this:
    hide Kanae Hap1
    hide KABlush
    with dissolve
which makes blush and character to dissolve together, and not, for example:
    hide Kanae Hap1 with dissolve
    hide KABlush  
which causes the blushing to disappear in a bang after Kanae is gone.

 


TODO CHECKLIST:

A rename might be good. If so, we should do it immediately. The more people that download this first, the more people have to rename the folder.

It might not have been a good idea to make the game pause for every sentence. Also, it might be better to have it say how the characters are talking by just printing out the text, as in KBDM-VN, or have it use the normal method to show speech, rather than this hybrid it has now.

Much of this needs to be changed to something different from KBDM-VN. In particular, we need a new title screen and a new icon. A real logo would be good too. Also, perhaps we should change the GENERAL TIPS to not reference a character from it.

More music would be good.

Several backgrounds are needed, including outside a skyscraper, a lobby, a stairwell, a hallway, a roof, and possibly something about Kyon falling to his death.

It may be interesting to make the game more interactive. For example, if you fail to ask Yuki to tell you if the IDSE is watching, you're liable to land on a spaceship when jumping off the roof. If Haruhi is too stressed, the world ends. If she's not stressed enough, Kyon hits the pavement, and then the world ends. And good luck getting the right amount of stress if you didn't as Koizumi to tell you if the world was ending.

-----

Readme:

How to use the code:

For starters, you need Ren'Py, the visual novel engine that's used. That's an
easy download and install; put it wherever. On your first run of Ren'Py, or
thereafter through the Options screen, it asks you to select a project
directory. Pick an empty directory somewhere, then put the directory containing
this file—probably 'TiGoTRoK'—into that empty directory. After that, you should
be able to click 'Select Project' from the Ren'Py main menu and select
'TiGoTRoK'.

After selecting the project, you can launch it or edit it from the Ren'Py
menu. I personally use a separate editor, but Ren'Py comes with jEdit, which is
serviceable. The specifics of the Ren'Py language are available on their web
site. Regarding music and images...that's not my department. :P They'll fit in
the repository fine, but editing them is something that the people doing it will
know better than me.

Good luck, all.